the FDR was followed by an unknown
object photographs taken by a news
reporter provide compelling evidence he
shot a series of photos before it
suddenly took off and an extremely high
rate of speed we know that it couldn't
be an airplane because that airplane
could not start stopped the rate of
speed was too hot too fast for a
helicopter while serving on the USS FDR
near Rio de Janeiro Leon Treadwell saw
highly unusual craft two ships are
appeared to be shipped one above the
other maybe about two or three hundred
feet separated the two of them and the
counter rotating lights and all of a
sudden a fireball draw between the upper
ship to the lower ship nobody knew what
the devil was going on there was actual
radar contact on these vehicles Leon was
not alone when he saw the streaking
image several officers they couldn't
believe what they were looking at
everybody signed a release state that
nobody outside of cic would say anything
about this the CIC or combat Information
Center oversees a ship's radar target
surveillance and general operations a
commander Donna Virginia when I was
discussing this with and without a ship
he told me that I wasn't even supposed
to mention this I just ignored what he
said I had people at the laugh and said
he wouldn't believe me really that was
there I was there I seen it you were
there you don't know your moat was like
the incidents were written up by the
military in Project Blue Book but why
were the UFOs observing the navy ships
and planes possibility that our weapons
were of
a sort that they were interested in the
FDR was the only aircraft carrier at a
time that had thermal nuclear capability
was the only one that was allowed to
carry h-bomb after the dawn of the
nuclear age there was an increase of UFO
sightings near nuclear weapons sites but
the military would not verify the
accounts of the men who served loyally
for their country I think they are
probably covering up the incidents with
the FDR because they're covering up all
incidences of UFO sightings I won't rest
till I find somebody else that was on a
flight deck with me I witness that same
thing I did to UFOs really exist or are
they simply hook suits or natural
phenomena fonda in our on x report the
wear daytime sightings the woman chased
by a mysterious spacecraft and the
policeman's near deadly encounter all
vetted more
in our pond X reports it's time for the
unexplored
you oppose do they exist and I saw this
big triangular shaped three lights on
each corner coming over my house just
like the sliding through the sky and it
tilted like it was looking down at it
got the believers in an unbelieving the
believers think that UFOs are alien
spacecraft compelling evidence supports
their beliefs my friend told me that
every question I ever had about UFOs
under that campus I was mystified the
fact that there are dozens of people
independent of each other we don't even
know each other yet who have given us
detailed information about what the
experiences saw that night it didn't
have any wings that didn't have any any
windows as you would see in a
conventional aircraft but her UFO
reports created by hoaxers judge me if
you will but the fact is I've videotaped
and saw a UFO skeptics maintain several
theories that explain UFOs are not alien
they're not even spacecraft virtually
all of the accounts can be explained by
people having looked toward and seeing
the Ontario media but if UFOs are not
alien spacecraft why does the military
seem to cover up their existence they
told me if I had any more pictures and
if they come out I would end up in jail
or to not house one of the two he look
object and they look to dodge this is
all right this is not a restricted area
younes are all ordered a d
what about these real people who've seen
unidentified flying objects I feel
uncomfortable in the dark not because I
think there's a monster out there
waiting for me but because there's
something out there and I didn't see
what was behind the light immediately
upon exiting my police vehicle I looked
up in the air and I saw four or five
bright objects up in the air the people
in the community who have said that
they've seen UFOs are people like
doctors and lawyers and real estate
people and it's just not a bunch of
lunatics running around same as they saw
lights in the sky UFOs exist people have
witnessed unidentified objects in the
Earth's skies but what exactly are they
we may never know for now they must
remain an unexplained mystery who knows
maybe one of those days we'll have that
landing on the White House lawn
experience I know let us all and I'm not
gonna do now